Resistance logs (#1)
Arachi-Lover/endless-sky: data/coalition/resistance intro.txt

	on complete
		event "bebliss research fw" 80 100
		payment 930000

> 		log "Escorted a House Bebliss Spire to Deneb. They'll probably be working on the Pug tech there for a while."

Reviewer: Spire is the Kimek big ship.
```suggestion
		log "Escorted a House Bebliss Spindle to Deneb. They'll probably be working on the Pug tech there for a while."
```

			`	"Waiting on <planet> they are. Inform them to expect your ship, I will. Remember, picked up before <date> they must be." He bends his front legs lightly in a bow, thanking you for agreeing to help, and walks off.`
				accept
			label resistance
			`A middle-aged Saryd with little head hair and a dense beard approaches you in the spaceport. You recognize him as Elirom, one of the Lunarium leaders you met on Remote Blue. "Talk in your ship, could we?" he whispers once he's close. "Here, listening they are..." You bring him to your ship, and he continues once the hatch closes. "Looking for our members all over <planet>, Heliarch ships are. Received word, I have, that due by <date>, many more Punishers are. If they get there before evacuated our members, we have, afraid I am that unfeasible to save them, it will become. Still waiting for a ship, <bunks> of them there are, and get back there before the Punishers arrive on <date>, our other ships will not. Captain, help us, you must. Compensate you with 386,730 credits, I will."`
			choice
				`	"Of course, I'll head there right away."`
					goto accept
				`	"Can't they just lay low until the Punishers have gone away?"`

> 			`	"No, no," he shakes his head. "Find them out, they would. Always, they do." His eyes wander around, as he takes a step back. He blinks repeatedly for a second, then looks back at you. "Seen what they do to the prisoners they take, I have, Captain. If there they remain, found they will be, and lost <bunks> more, I would have."`

Reviewer: This one reads pretty awkward. For short sentences like this I don't think we should strive to yoda-speech just because.

Author: ```suggestion
			`	"No, no," he shakes his head. "Find them out, they would. They always do." His eyes wander around, as he takes a step back. He blinks repeatedly for a second, then looks back at you. "Seen what they do to the prisoners they take, I have, Captain. If there they remain, found they will be, and lost <bunks> more, I would have."`
```

			`	"At the moment, I did not, and available in time to rescue them, none of my ships would be," he explains. "Come here with the first ship that returned, I did. Wished to apologize to them in person, though it seems that hear any of it, they will not..."`
				goto end
			label happy2
			action

> 				log "People" "Elirom" "Elirom was once a Heliarch Arbiter, apparently, a high rank in their organization. Many of the Lunarium still do not trust him and blame him for tragedies that have affected their fammilies."

Reviewer: The "apparently" seems unnecessary.
```suggestion
				log "People" "Elirom" "Elirom was once a Heliarch Arbiter, a high rank in their government. Many of the Lunarium still do not trust him and blame him for tragedies that have affected their fammilies."
```

			label angry
			`	"That he is. A difficult thing to go through, it is. Used to such rough talk, I've grown."`
			label end
			action

> 				log "Elirom says hw on't ask for further help directly for a long time, but others of hte Lunarium maybe be make contact."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				log "Elirom said he won't ask for further help directly for a long time, but others of the Lunarium maybe be make contact."
```

					goto outsiders
				`	"How do you pay for all this?"`
					goto pay
				`	"I'm fine for now. What about this task you need me for?"`
					goto task
			action

> 				log "Factions" "Lunarium Redoubt" "The Lunarium expect the Heliarchs to fight fiercely, and that in removing them, much damage will be doen to the Coalition. So, their first intention after freeing it from their rule is to rebuild. They also wish to ensure whatever system of governance comes after them is more transparent."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				log "Factions" "Lunarium Redoubt" "The Lunarium expect the Heliarchs to fight fiercely, and that in removing them, much damage will be done to the Coalition. So, their first intention after freeing it from their rule is to rebuild. They also wish to ensure whatever system of governance comes after them is more transparent."
```

			`	"Rebuild, first we will need to," Chiree responds. "Fight tooth and nail to remain in power, they will, so expect a great deal of damage done to the Coalition, we do."`
			`	"Once back in order, everything is, focus on reassuring the populace we should. A change for the better, it will be, and help in making sure everyone realizes that, House Bebliss will," Lobmab jumps in. "Earn back what they took from us, we will."`
			`	Once the head of House Bebliss is done, Chiree continues. "Pointless, our fight will have been, if corrupted in those rings again, our successors thousands of years from now become. Set up transparency measures, and means to ensure that absolute power, the consuls do not have, we will."`
				goto questions
			label fight
			action

> 				log "Factions" "Lunarium Redoubt" "The Lunarium is, military, at a great disadvantage to the Heliarchs. Their ships are far less durable and their weapons far less powerful. Elirom, however, believes that the Lunarium are smarter than the Heliarchs, and that they are only a few steps away from having the ability to close the technological gaps as well, though Pyakri is skeptical of his words."

Reviewer: Other than the military thing, it's not the case that Elirom thinks the Lunarium is smarter, what he's saying is that, since the Heliarchs aren't some magic group of Saryds/Kimek/Arachi smarter than those in the Lunarium, they're not inherently better at making any form of tech or equipment. He means that, much like the Heliarchs, they too can get tech of that level, thus closing the gap and giving them a real fighting chance.
Your choice if you want to just remove that portion or change it to something else.

```suggestion
				log "Factions" "Lunarium Redoubt" "The Lunarium is, militarily, at a great disadvantage to the Heliarchs. Their ships are far less durable and their weapons far less powerful. Elirom, however, believes that the Lunarium are smarter than the Heliarchs, and that they are only a few steps away from having the ability to close the technological gaps as well, though Pyakri is skeptical of his words."
```

Author: ```suggestion
				log "Factions" "Lunarium Redoubt" "The Lunarium is, militarily, at a great disadvantage to the Heliarchs. Their ships are far less durable and their weapons far less powerful. Elirom, however, believes that the Lunarium are only a few steps away from being able to close the technological gaps, though Pyakri is skeptical of his words."
```

				goto questions
			label pay
			action
				log "Factions" "Lunarium Redoubt" "Almost all of the funding for the Lunarium comes from the great fortune of House Bebliss. Houses Bebliss and Idriss also act as intermediaries, taking out loans, on behalf of the Lunarium, with House Plumtab, who while interested in removing the Heliarchs from power, are not interested in interacting with the Lunarium directly."
			`	The rest of the table look to Lobmab at the same time, prompting her explanation. "Amassed great fortune over our history, House Bebliss has. As part of our gracious help to the Lunarium, providing nearly everything in financial terms we have been."`
			`	She stops, with the others still looking at her, as if expecting something more. She remains silent, so Chiree looks back at you, continuing, "Also taken some loans from House Plumtab in our stead, Houses Bebliss and Idriss have. Not terribly passionate for our cause, Plumtab's bankers are, but share our interest in booting the Heliarchs, they do, even if meet or talk with us, they never do."`
				goto questions
			label task
			action

> 				log "Agreed to transport Oobat to meet the Quarg living in human space. Since no Quarg ship has been seen in the Coalition in millenia, she believes they have moved on from the war. And that, if the populace can be shown that the Quarg are not interested in invading, the rule of the Heliarchs, who rely on fear of the Quarg to maintain their power, will be weakened. To this end, she wishes to meet a Quarg and record and interview for broadcast in the Coalition."

Reviewer: Not really sure if I'm just not understanding what's being said or if there really is an issue.

```suggestion
				log "Agreed to transport Oobat to meet the Quarg living in human space. Since no Quarg ship has been seen in the Coalition in millenia, she believes they have moved on from the war. And that, if the populace can be shown that the Quarg are not interested in invading, the rule of the Heliarchs, who rely on fear of the Quarg to maintain their power, will be weakened. To this end, she wishes to meet a Quarg and record an interview to broadcast in the Coalition."
```

	to offer
		has "Resistance: Quarg Interview: done"
	on offer

> 		log "Recorded Oobat interviewing a Quarg. It went well, until she asked it if thy wished to reclaim the rings. It said they did, because they are their homes. It seemed to be pained by this thought."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log "Recorded Oobat interviewing a Quarg. It went well, until she asked it if they wished to reclaim the rings. It said they did, because they are their homes. It seemed to be pained by this thought."
```

	on complete
		set "language: Coalition"
		event "first resistance unlock"
		log "People" "Elirom" "While extremely disappointed with the ending of the interview Oobat conducted with the Quarg, Elirom seemed intrigued by the change in the Quarg's skin colour. He seemed to think it was linked to some emotion."

> 		log "Returned with Oobat to the other Lunarium leaders, with the recorded interview. Tummug will work on editing it into a more effective propaganda piece, and was given a Coalition translator by Chiree having become an official member of the Lunarium Redoubt."

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense for the translator bit to be it's own separate period sentence thingy.

```suggestion
		log "Returned with Oobat to the other Lunarium leaders, with the recorded interview, which Tummug will edit into a more effective propaganda piece. Was also given a Coalition translator by Chiree, having become an official member of the Lunarium Redoubt."
```
